Previously
on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(Z‐Arc)
Now come to me
Supreme King Dragon
Dark Rebellion!
Rise Falcon,
attack Supreme King Z‐Arc!
(Z‐Arc)
As long as Dark Rebellion
is on my field,
you're not allowed to attack
any other Xyz Monsters,
including Supreme King Z‐Arc!
Z‐Arc has an answer for
everything we throw at him.
(Kite)
Yuya, if you're still
trapped in there,
I hope you're fighting
as hard as we are!
Because if we fail...
it's the end of everything!
(Declan)
All the dimensions are
collapsing together into one.
(Riley screams)
Huh?!
(Riley whimpering)
Don't worry they aren't
ghosts, Riley.
They're people
from other dimensions.
As the four dimensions
continue to merge,
so do the people
living there.
(Z‐Arc)
You never had a chance!
Darkwurms, end this duel!
Guess this is the end.
Hold it right there!
This duel's not over!
Huh?!
It's Jack Atlas!
Join me!
Mm‐hmm!
You wasted my time!
And now
you'll pay the price!
(both yelling)
I couldn't save... Yuya!
Leave it to Gong!
(Jack)
Get ready, Z‐Arc!
(both)
Cause your time of terror's
coming to an end!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go go go go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
It's time to kick
this duel into overdrive!
I'll go first!
When I have no monsters
on my field,
I can start heating things up
by summoning Red Gargoyle
from my hand!
(roaring)
Next, I'll add
fire to the flame
by summoning the Tuner Monster
Red Resonator!
Red Gargoyle, use
your special ability
to double Red Resonator's
Level from 2 to 4!
That allows me to tune
Red Resonator with Red Gargoyle!
Now from the ancient chasms
of a lost world,
I awake a great
and terrible power.
I Synchro Summon Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend!
(dragon roars)
What did I miss?
Only Jack's
best monster!
It's gonna make
Z‐Arc go kablooey!
I don't know.
As big as Jack's dragon is,
Z‐Arc's is
a billion times bigger!
Nice Jack, but I know
you can do better than that!
C'mon!
Do it for Crow!
Why Crow?
Well, because Jack
and Crow were best buds
well, maybe not best buds.
Maybe not even buds.
But he sacrificed himself
just so that
we could get this far.
And I know he'd be all like,
"C'mon, guys, I didn't turn
into a piece of paper
just so you losers
can lose."
Ahem!
Don't worry, Crow.
Jack is no loser.
Yuya, Gong tells me
that you're still alive
somewhere in that
disgusting‐looking thing.
That we just need to
wake you up.
But I have no time
for therapy sessions.
So I guess I'm just gonna have
to blast you to your senses.
Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend
can destroy all your monsters
that that are weaker than it,
and deal you
500 points of damage
for each one
that perishes by its flames!
Feel the heat
of your impending demise!
Blast him
(Z‐Arc)
Pathetic!
Just pathetic.
You're the best that
the Synchro Dimension
has to offer?
I've only been back
for mere minutes
and I can Synchro Summon
better than you!
No way!
Z‐Arc's gonna
Synchro Summon?
Aw, man, looks like
he knows how to use
almost all the
summoning methods?
Gong's gotta feelin'
Gong ain't gonna like this.
I can tribute my two
Supreme King Dragon Darkwurms
to Synchro Summon, and I can
do it during your turn!
Feast your eyes on this!
Supreme King Dragon
Clear Wing!
(Z‐Arc)
Feast your eyes on this!
Supreme King Dragon
Clear Wing!
Hey, isn't that
Yugo's Dragon?
Looks like it
but something's off.
Cause it's like being
used by a bad guy‐‐ Ugh!
And Yugo is one
of the good guys.
Why does the bad guy
have Yugo's dragon?
I don't know, but it
can't be a good thing.
Z‐Arc, didn't
your mom teach you
to keep your hands off
other people's dragons?
If only my duel disk
wasn't broken
I'd be teaching you
that lesson right now.
You tried to destroy
my monsters,
but you're the one
who's going to pay instead,
Because Clear Wing's
special ability
automatically destroys
your Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend!
Not so fast!
By discarding
Brutal Red
from my hand
to the graveyard,
Scarlight Red
Dragon Archfiend
can't be destroyed!
In fact, it gains
1,000 attack
points instead!
(both)
Yeah!
Jack sure did
serve up a save!
That's why Jack
is the master!
Hope you're ready, Z‐Arc!
Time for payback!
Scarlight Red
Dragon Archfiend,
annihilate Supreme King
Dragon Clear Wing!
You really don't know
jack, Jack.
Clear Wing can not only
stop this battle
but it also automatically
destroys your monster,
and you take damage
equal to its attack points!
Are you daft?
I just said literally
40 seconds ago
that my Brutal Red protects
my Dragon from destruction.
He stopped Z‐Arc again.
You gotta try harder
than that, Z‐Arc!
For the supreme ruler
of the galaxy,
you sure don't pay much
attention to details.
Or maybe he doesn't
sweat the details
because he isn't
worried in the least.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
And with that, Brutal Red's
special ability ends,
so Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend's attack points
return to normal.
But make no mistake,
Z‐Arc!
No matter how many roadblocks
you throw our way,
we won't be stopped!
Not until we rescue Yuya!
And Gong's gonna help bulldoze
the way for us, Jack!
My turn!
I summon the Tuner Monster
Superheavy Samurai Battleball!
And this Superheavy Samurai
lets Gong also summon
Superheavy Samurai Hexagon
from Gong's hand.
Now what say
you rally up the troops!
(grunting)
Gong tunes Level 2 Battleball
with Level 6 Hexagon!
Temper and toughen
your battle tested blades
and forge 'em
in fierce flames of fury!
Gong Synchro Summons...
Superheavy
Samurai Swordsmith!
So, you can
Synchro Summon as well?
Lamely, though, as you
summoned it in defense mode.
You stop that right there!
Now don't you go tarnishin'
Gong's Heavystrong
dueling style!
The real Yuya wouldn't!
Heavystrong?
Guess Gong's gotta
refresh your memory.
When Gong successfully
summons Swordsmith,
Gong can also summon
every Superheavy Samurai
Gong's got in Gong's hand.
First up's, Superheavy
Samurai Swordsman!
Next, Superheavy
Samurai Blue Brawler!
And Superheavy
Samurai Big Benkei!
This way!
Look!
(both)
Those're Gong's monsters!
Oh! But what's
he dueling?!
The biggest dragon
I've ever seen.
And that's quite
the accomplishment,
cause I've seen some
pretty big ones in my time.
Do you remember, Yuya?
If there's still a spec
of ya left in there,
ya gotta remember
these fellas, buddy.
'Cause ever since
we been toddlers,
Gong been battling against ya
with these Samurais
to hone Gong's
Heavystrong style.
We musta dueled
a gazilion and one times,
and all that trainin'
was no joke.
But in the end, we made
each other better duelists.
And you... a dueltainer.
I am a dueltainer.
That's right!
Dueltainin'!
It's still
in your soul, Yuya!
You just gotta
wake it up!
Don't let that Z‐Arc punk
take it all away from you!
Remember, how duelin's
supposed to make
everyone smile!
Never forget...
duelin's for fun!
But... I'm having fun.
We ain't talkin'
to you, Z‐Arc!
Butt out when grown folks
are talkin'!
Jack and Gong'll put an end
to your shenanigans!
As long as we work together.
What do you have
in mind?
This... when Z‐Arc
goes on the attack,
he's now only allowed to
attack Gong's Swordsmith.
Ah, I see!
That means Z‐Arc can't attack
my Red Dragoon Archfiend,
keeping it safe from harm.
And ready to launch
a counterattack
when it's my turn!
(laughing)
(Gong)
What's so funny, Z‐Arc?
You don't think
I'd be ready.. for that?!
Laughable!
Then why don't
you attack us,
and we'll see who gets
the last laugh!
Bring it on, Z‐Arc.
Oh, and, Yuya...
just wait and we'll save ya
from that dunderhead!
Ha!
If dueltainin'
is what you want,
dueltainin' is
what you'll get!
What?
No way, Kite!
Z‐Arc's actually
going to dueltain?
When did Z‐Arc
become a dueltainer?
Maybe they got to Yuya.
It's showtime!
I'll kick things off
by equipping Supreme Presence
on to my Clear Wing!
And what was it
that your dear old friend
used to say?
Time for my monster
to put you in traction!
Clear Wing,
attack Big Benkei!
You know what?
I have a better idea!
By stopping this battle,
Clear Wing's ability
still destroys
your Big Benkei,
but you also take damage
equal to its attack points!
And there's more!
Due to
Supreme Presence's effect,
all your monsters
are destroyed!
What?!
All of 'em!?
They won't survive this!
They're done.
Z‐Arc's actually gonna win!
It can't be!
This can't be happening!
I can't watch.
(Sora)
Z‐Arc's gonna beat
these guys!
(Gong)
This ain't dueltainin,
and you ain't winnin!
Gong can tribute
a Superheavy Samurai
to summon
Superheavy Samurai
Warchief Heavystrong
in defense mode!
(roars)
Heavystrong, protect
Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend from destruction!
Oh, man.
Gong got blasted.
I am now having
the bad goosepickles.
Is Gong okay?
Don't fret, children.
No matter how bad
it may look,
it'll take more
than a couple blasts
to take down
our friends.
Guys, look!
By destroying three
of our monsters,
we take 1,000 points
of damage.
But you couldn't take down
Red Dragon Archfiend
or Superheavy
Samurai Heavystrong,
so Gong's
not feelin' too bad.
And Heavystrong's special
ability ends the battle,
so you can't attack
no more this turn!
Nicely done!
Of course, if I was dueling,
I woulda done that too,
but with a dash of class
and sprinkle of style!
I woulda run
all over 'em, I tell ya!
(both)
Huh?
(all)
Way to go!
Huh?!
What's that?
I'm not sure.
My word!
No way!
I can't believe it,
that's New Domino City!
You're right!
Ahh!
Was that... an earthquake?
(Amanda)
That's no earthquake!
(laughing)
You actually managed
to survive!
I like how you love to
prolong your suffering!
And I aim to oblige.
The only reason
we're suffering
is because we have to
listen to your
insufferable voice!
But your
incessant chattering
will come to an end
when Scarlight Red
Dragon Archfiend
blasts you
into oblivion!
He's heading up
that highway.
But the dimensions haven't
fully converged yet!
He's insane, he's gonna drive
straight off the cliff!
I hope he's packin'
a parachute.
Road or no road,
that never stopped Jack!
Now, put the pedal
to the metal!
(Jack)
Time to kick things
into overdrive!
Let's get gritty!
First, I activate
the trap card Vision Synchro!
I discard Red Sprinter,
along with two Tuner Monsters,
Dark Resonator
and Net Resonator,
from my hand to the graveyard
to Synchro Summon!
Show him that you
can Synchro Summon
better than anyone!
Yuya, this one's
for you!
I summoned this
the first time when
I battled against you.
A duel that I'll
never forget!
And I know you haven't
forgotten it either!
A duel that ignited the flames
of everyone in the city!
And it's time for an encore!
Together, these monsters
will call forth
an absolute power destined
to rule this duel!
I Synchro Summon!
Bow down
and tremble in terror
before Tyrant Red Dragon
Archfiend!
Tyrant Red Dragon
Archfiend
is like
the best‐est monster ever!
Jack's got this in the bag!
(Frankie)
No one can beat
Red Dragon Archfiend,
much less two of 'em!
Since I used Net Resonator
to summon Tyrant,
its special ability
activates!
As long as Tyrant
is on my field,
your effects can't
deal me damage!
Gong's gonna give you
an extra protection, Jack.
Heavystrong uses
its special ability
on both your Red Dragon
Archfiends!
Now those two dragons
can't be destroyed this turn!
That's it, that's all Gong
can do to help you out.
The rest's up to you.
Now, you take down Z‐Arc
and go and save our pal Yuya!
(kids)
Yes, go, Jack, go!
Come on, Jack.
We're all counting on you.
Now get ready!
Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend,
attack Supreme King Dragon
Clear Wing!
(Z‐Arc)
Must we go through
this again?
Clear Wing's special ability
not only ends this battle,
but it also destroys
your monster.
But Heavystrong stops
Red Dragon Archfiend
from kickin'
the bucket too!
I wouldn't be
so sure, Gong.
Due to my spell
Supreme Presence,
Clear Wing uses its special
ability on all your monsters!
So by destroying Heavystrong,
it won't be protecting
anyone anymore!
And you take damage equal to
Heavystrong's attack points!
But as a partin' gift,
Gong's Heavystrong
will protect Jack's Dragons
as long as it can!
Aah!
(Gong shouting)
(Sylvio groaning)
‐ Oh, no! Crow!
Me and my butterfingers!
Shoot!
Ahh!
(Gong shouting)
Oh man, Gong!
Aah! Oof! Unh!
It's all... on you, Jack.
Gong saved me.
He gave me
a chance to take you down,
and it's one chance
I won't let go to waste.
Here I go!
With one final strike,
your wretched
reign of terror is over!
Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend,
destroy Clear Wing!
Jack did it!
Yeah!
It's not over yet, Jack.
Not by a long shot.
Maybe if you showed up
for class on time
you would've known that
my Supreme King Gate Zero's
Pendulum ability protects me
for any damage.
What's that?!
In fact, Supreme King
Gate Infinity
converts all that damage
into life points for me!
Too bad all your buddies
didn't fill you in.
What's worse,
since my turn's over,
Vision Synchro sends
Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend
back to my Extra Deck.
Farewell, my friend.
Oh man, that creep's even
more powerful than before!
Why won't Crow or Yuya
come to save the day
when he's in
such trouble?
We really need Crow
right now!
Gong! Gong!
You okay, big guy?
Unh!
(moaning)
Not really.
But bad as it looks,
Gong's thinking...
we're getting
through to Yuya.
Like Z‐Arc flinched
when Gong called him
a dueltainer.
He really did?
He's just needin'
a little push.
You're the only one
left to give it.
(voice)
Umm, I think you're
forgetting someone?
Like someone much cooler
and handsome than that scrub?
It's really you!
How did you escape?
My turn!
Rargh!
I have to
hand it to you, Jack.
You were better than those
other dolts I beat.
Not much better,
but better.
But you're going down
like all the rest!
(Sylvio)
I don't think so.
Jack isn't the last
line of defense!
(computer voice)
Intrusion penalty:
2,000 life points.
How exciting, but first...
Let me just get rid
of this pest!
(roars)
(Jack shouting)
Unh!
I have to count
on those two jokers now?
This is not
my brightest moment‐‐ Heh!
(Sylvio)
Thanks for the pep talk.
But, Jack.... don't you worry
about a thing!
Not when Sylvio's arrived
to steal the show!
Really?
Don't think
I'm gonna let you hog
the spotlight
and upstage me.
Hmm.
Oh yeah!
Crow!
I knew he'd come!
He'd never let us down!
I didn't think
it was possible,
but how did Crow
get out of his card?
I don't know,
but if you tell me that
dimensions can unite,
I believe anything
can be done.
What?
That's crazy, Ray!
What's wrong, Riley?
Is everything all right?
Ray just said that
since our dad wasn't
able to revive her...
He's going to fight
Z‐Arc on his own...
in her place.
Oh, is he now?